The dwarf yells: Drow. Elves. All the same to me, pointy eared bastards.
The dwarf yells: What are you doing? Hey, Urist, is he... is he dancing?
The dwarf yells: You shady bastards, I knew you would fall into our backs one day.
The dwarf yells: Drive them back to the Underdark!
The dwarf yells: We are in luck. These drow never learned how to use poisons.
The dwarf yells: Go away! Not even the elves like you, and that should tell you something!
The dwarf yells: I will keep that glaive after I kill you. Makes a great present for my daughter.
The dwarf yells: Pointy eared traitors!
The dwarf yells: Drow, lets get them!
The dwarf yells: Drow ambush! Kill them"
The dwarf yells: Beware their archers! Get them in close combat!
The dwarf yells: Why are you even attacking us? It's not trees, is it? You don't even care for trees!
The dwarf yells: Bloody drow. I know they can't be trusted.
The dwarf yells: Let's hit them so hard, the Matriach herself will start bleeding back in the Underdark!
The dwarf yells: Damn spider freaks. Go back into the caverns! And take your junk with you!
The dwarf yells: You know, I never really liked you guys. They way you merge men with spiders... that just seems unnatural to me. Now, Golems, kill them!
The dwarf yells: You're not so tough!
The dwarf yells: Who are you calling short ?
The dwarf yells: Beer and blood!
The dwarf yells: You will regret the day you left your mothers womb!
The dwarf yells: Taste my axe. Regarldess of me actually wielding an axe or not.
The dwarf yells: By Armoks beard, today is not your day, believe me.
The dwarf yells: You and your tiny bollocks can crawl back into the hole they come from.
The dwarf yells: Losing if fun? FUN? I will show you fun!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: Bugger off, you sodding freak.
The dwarf yells: Sod it. I'm not drunk enough to fight, not sober enough to stop.
The dwarf yells: Bloody hell, there are more of you?
The dwarf yells: Blood for the Blood God! For Armok!
The dwarf yells: Skulls for the... butcher, I guess. 
The dwarf yells: Keep your stinking hands to yourself, or I lob them off!