The dwarf yells: Kagrenac was really gone beyond crazy when he made the likes of you!
The dwarf yells: A metal man is no match for a beard in metal armor!
The dwarf yells: Gunners! Dodge the bullets! 
The dwarf yells: Gunners! Hope that they run out of ammo by now.
The dwarf yells: Steamunner! He is fast, watch out!
The dwarf yells: Clanky piece of scum, come here!
The dwarf yells: Clanky piece of shit, rust away!
The dwarf yells: Rusty pile of scrap!!
The dwarf yells: We'll turn your body against your comrades clunker!
The dwarf yells: Rusty pile of shit!
The dwarf yells: Loosing oil, are you? And steam? And what in hell is that?
The dwarf yells: You will make a great dining room decoration.
The dwarf yells: Our machinist will turn you inside out and make a turret out of you. How do you like that?
The dwarf yells: Automatons. So inferior to our Golems. If only we had some.
The dwarf yells: Running out of steam already? Ha, Steam? Get it?
The dwarf yells: I really don't know why we are fighting childrens toys.
The dwarf yells: Automatons! An ambush!
The dwarf yells: Kill the automatons!
The dwarf yells: Get the metal bastards!
The dwarf yells: melt 'em down!
The dwarf yells: These clunkers aren't so tough!
The dwarf yells: Let the wardogs play with this one!
The dwarf yells: You aren't so threatening, scum!
The dwarf yells: Slice 'em down!
The dwarf yells: That was left handed!
The dwarf yells: I gotta' present for you!
The dwarf yells: I'll smelt my next axe out of you, you piece of metal shite!
The dwarf yells: Hey, you! Yeah, you dodgy scamp. Think you can just get away with this?
The dwarf yells: Hey you nutter, come and get some!
The dwarf yells: What an idiot. What a dirty, little, buffle-brained bastard. I gonna shove his poxed weapons up his poxed arse! That twat!
The dwarf yells: Are you gonna cock-up the rest of that little invasion of your's too?
The dwarf yells: Bollocks. Look at that one.
The dwarf yells: Blimey, you are a big fella. Have to chop you up at the knees, do I?
The dwarf yells: I gonna give you one on your bobbin, see how you like that!
The dwarf yells: You cack-handed fool. Watch how a real fighter does it. But be careful, I will only show you once.
The dwarf yells: Get these wanna-be golems!
The dwarf yells: We'll make statues out of you!
The dwarf yells: Brass... Brass? Really? We have steel!