The invader yells: Ahahaha!
The invader yells: Die!
The invader yells: Kill 'em all!
The invader yells: Them dorfs 'll make a fine stew!
The invader yells: Make 'em scream!
The invader yells: Pull out their beards!
The invader yells: AHAHAHAHA!
The invader yells: Hiss!
The invader yells: Die!
The invader yells: Gon' kill ya!
The invader yells: I'm hungry!
The invader yells: Dogpile on da dwarf!
The invader yells: Spit in the wound!
The invader yells: I'll make a necklace of your guts, dwarf!
The invader yells: I fancy me some flesh!
The invader yells: Raid their homes! 
The invader yells: For mordor!
The invader yells: Take their children and run!
The invader yells: Kidnap the little ones!
The invader yells: Stuff the kids in the bag, then lets get out of here!
The invader yells: Nooooo.... too many drunken beards!
The invader yells: Die, shorty!
The invader yells: Our alliance has ended!
The invader yells: Kill the dwarves!
The invader yells: Feel the cold taste of steel!
The invader yells: Off with your head!
The invader yells: We must do battle today!
The invader yells: Die!
The invader yells: Don't try to run away!
The invader yells: Kill them!
The invader yells: Brothers and sisters! Death to the beards!
The invader yells: To arms! Huzzah!!
The invader roars a trumphant battlecry!
The invader yells: Stomp 'em into the dirt!
The invader yells: Salt the land!
The invader yells: Wipe this place off the face of the planet!
The invader yells: To war brothers!
The invader yells: Peace through power!
The invader yells: Destroy the stonekin!
The invader yells: Death to all worshippers of the Blood God!
The invader yells: Reprisal brothers!
The invader yells: Fresh meat, club it!
The invader yells: Club d'em!
The invader yells: Smash d'em!
The invader yells: Attack!
The invader yells: Tasty dwarves!
The invader yells: Take weapons!
The invader yells: Take armor!
The invader yells: I smash you!
The invader yells: I eat you, dwarf!
The invader yells: You taste good, ya?
The invader yells: Boil down the beard's bones to broth!
The invader yells: Crackling dorf on a stick! Yum!
The invader yells: Dinner time!
The invader yells: I'll eat this one and you can have that one waayyy over there brother!
The invader yells: Eat the babies!
The invader yells: This one'll make good pickings!
The invader yells: I make stew. Dwarf stew!
The invader yells: D'at ones mine!
The invader yells: I take d'at one!