The dwarf yells: Stay away from me, you magic freak.
The dwarf yells: Your foul sorcery is not enough to beat me, warlock!
The dwarf yells: Hey, wizard! ... sorcerer!... magician! ah, sod it.
The dwarf yells: Your evil deeds end today. 
The dwarf yells: I never liked warlocks anyway.
The dwarf yells: Losing if fun? FUN? I will show you fun!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: Bugger off, you sodding freak.
The dwarf yells: Sod it. I'm not drunk enough to fight, not sober enough to stop.
The dwarf yells: Bloody hell, there are more of you?
The dwarf yells: Blood for the Blood God! For Armok!
The dwarf yells: Skulls for the... butcher, I guess. 
The dwarf yells: Keep your stinking hands to yourself, or I lob them off!
The dwarf yells: You cheeky bastard, thinks he can just walk in here. Not today.
The dwarf yells: What do we say to the god of death? 
The dwarf yells: Now thats a shady figure. What are you supposed to be?
The dwarf yells: Hey, you! Yeah, you dodgy scamp. Think you can just get away with this?
The dwarf yells: Hey you nutter, come and get some!
The dwarf yells: Would be best to riddle that one with arrows.
The dwarf yells: I wish I had a javelin thrower for that one. 
The dwarf yells: Hey, Warlock! Are your zombies attacking your army again?
The dwarf yells: Haha, I remember your last siege. You set yourself on fire, that was fun!
The dwarf yells: Ah, Warlocks. Armok loves some good sacrifice.
The dwarf yells: Our priest will gladly take your knickknacks to the temple after we killed you.
The dwarf yells: Armok, please protect me from the evil that besets me.
The dwarf yells: And though i walk in the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil.
The dwarf yells: DIE! YOU MAGIC FREAK!
The dwarf yells: Keep your freaky wolf masks to yourself. Show your face!
The dwarf yells: You call that a knife? This is a knife!
The dwarf yells: Stop cocking about and come here, you bastard!
The dwarf yells: Gobshite! Another one!
The dwarf yells: Their blood is red like ours. And what bleeds can be killed. Have at it!
The dwarf yells: Let's waste the bloody buggers!