The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: So the dwarves make their stand. Finally.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: I will simply walk over you.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: You dont stand a chance, dwarf. 
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Ha. You dont even reach to my knees, how do you even want to fight me?
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Your last days have come.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We bring the ice.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We are the heralds of doom.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: After us comes only the ice.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Your race never stood a chance.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Pah, my weapon is bigger then you, you tiny beard with legs.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We will stomp this fortress into the ground.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: After we kill you, we will raze the mountainhomes.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We are superior. You lesser races should know this by now.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We have been freed, nothing can stop us now.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Another dwarf head for my collection.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: See these heads on my belt? Yours will be next.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Maybe I will use your sword as a toothpick, after I am done with you.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Squash them!
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Freeze them!
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We reign superior. You can only yield and give up.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: We are older then the mountains. How do you suppose to stop us?
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: I walked the earth when your grandparents were young. Your challenge is insulting.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: You dwarves dare attack us?
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Yield to your betters.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: RAZE THIS PLACE TO THE GROUND!
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Dwarves are only the beginning. The other races will fall next.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Ha. Even the skinny elves put up a better fight then you do.
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Mh. You think Armok will help you now?
The frost giant rumbles with a deep voice: Pray to your gods, dwarf. It is the last chance you have.