The dwarf yells: You're not so tough!
The dwarf yells: Who are you calling short?
The dwarf yells: Beer and blood!
The dwarf yells: Tromping all over like a big ole elephant...now you die!
The dwarf yells: Humans. All talk and no action. I'll give you action!
The dwarf yells: Not so high-and-mighty now, are we?
The dwarf yells: Guns. Cowards..... wait, we can make guns too.
The dwarf yells: Oh, look at me, I'm a human. Prancing around in rose gold, no beard and all, with piss smelling like flowers.
The dwarf yells: We will never be part of your Empire. Sod off!
The dwarf yells: How did you guys even figure out how to make steel? A disgrace.
The dwarf yells: Humans, kill them!
The dwarf yells: These are brave men knocking on our doorstep. I say Lets go out and kill them!
The dwarf yells: Human, I'll chop your legs off, then we can find eye to eye.
The dwarf yells: Your muskets wont help you now!
The dwarf yells: Beer and blood!
The dwarf yells: You will regret the day you left your mothers womb!
The dwarf yells: Taste my axe. Regarldess of me actually wielding an axe or not.
The dwarf yells: By Armoks beard, today is not your day, believe me.
The dwarf yells: You and your tiny bollocks can crawl back into the hole they come from.
The dwarf yells: Losing if fun? FUN? I will show you fun!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: You cheeky bastard, think you can just walk in here. Not today.
The dwarf yells: What do we say to the god of death? 
The dwarf yells: Now thats a shady figure. What are you supposed to be?
The dwarf yells: Hey, you! Yeah, you dodgy scamp. Think you can just get away with this?
The dwarf yells: Hey you nutter, come and get some!
The dwarf yells: What an idiot. What a dirty, little, buffle-brained bastard. I gonna shove his poxed weapons up his poxed arse! That twat!
The dwarf yells: Are you gonna cock-up the rest of that little invasion of your's too?
The dwarf yells: Blimey, you are a big fella. Have to chop you up at the knees, do I?
The dwarf yells: I gonna give you one on your bobbin, see how you like that!
The dwarf yells: You cack-handed fool. Watch how a real fighter does it. But be careful, I will only to it once.
The dwarf yells: Stop cocking about and come here, you bastard!
The dwarf yells: Gobshite! Another one!
The dwarf yells: Hey, you wanker. Get over here!
The dwarf yells: Move your arse over here! Or are you afraid of someone half your size?
The dwarf yells: Dont be such a fanny. Afraid, are we?