The dwarf yells: Wow. You are a big one, aren't you? Think that protects you?
The dwarf yells: Today is the day! A glorious battle, dwarf against giant!
The dwarf yells: Hey, Giant! Come over here and fight someone your size!
The dwarf yells: Oi, we should have gotten magma for that one.
The dwarf yells: I have seen megabeasts smaller than him. Just my luck.
The dwarf yells: We will hold fast against the icy tide.
The dwarf yells: Our influence stopped the goblins, but before that we held the line. Our influence stopped the orc, but before that we held the line. Out influence will stop the frost giants, and in the battle today, we will hold the line!
The dwarf yells: Giants! Kill them!
The dwarf yells: Get the bloody Frost Giants!
The dwarf yells: Let none escape! Death to the Giants!
The dwarf yells: I will destroy you!
The dwarf yells: Taste my axe. Regarldess of me actually wielding an axe or not.
The dwarf yells: By Armoks beard, today is not your day, believe me.
The dwarf yells: You and your tiny bollocks can crawl back into the hole they come from.
The dwarf yells: Losing if fun? FUN? I will show you fun!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: Bugger off, you sodding freak.
The dwarf yells: Sod it. I'm not drunk enough to fight, not sober enough to stop.
The dwarf yells: Bloody hell, there are more of you?
The dwarf yells: Blood for the Blood God! For Armok!
The dwarf yells: Skulls for the... butcher, I guess. 
The dwarf yells: Keep your stinking hands to yourself, or I lob them off!
The dwarf yells: You cheeky bastard, thinks he can just walk in here. Not today.
The dwarf yells: What do we say to the god of death? 
The dwarf yells: Now thats a shady figure. What are you supposed to be?
The dwarf yells: Hey, you! Yeah, you dodgy scamp. Think you can just get away with this?
The dwarf yells: Hey you nutter, come and get some!
The dwarf yells: What an idiot. What a dirty, little, buffle-brained bastard. I gonna shove his poxed weapons up his poxed arse! That twat!
The dwarf yells: Are you gonna cock-up the rest of that little invasion of your's too?
The dwarf yells: Bollocks. Look at that one.
The dwarf yells: Blimey, you are a big fella. Have to chop you up at the knees, do I?
The dwarf yells: I gonna give you one on your bobbin, see how you like that!
The dwarf yells: You cack-handed fool. Watch how a real fighter does it. But be careful, I will only to it once.
The dwarf yells: Stop cocking about and come here, you bastard!
The dwarf yells: Gobshite! Another one!
The dwarf yells: Smashing, more combat training ahead.
The dwarf yells: A wee bit cocky, aren't we? Think you can take me on all by yourself?
The dwarf yells: Hey, you wanker. Get over here!
The dwarf yells: Move your arse over here! Or are you afraid of someone half your size?
The dwarf yells: Dont be such a fanny. Afraid, are we?