The dwarf yells: You will fall like a slender sapling!
The dwarf yells: Die, hippie!
The dwarf yells: Peace and love, my beard!  War and death for you!
The dwarf yells: Death to the elves!
The dwarf yells: Let's chop 'em all down!  Try to stop me!
The dwarf yells: Elf... DIE!
The dwarf yells: Go back to the trees, elfy!
The dwarf yells: Oooh, wooden weapons!  I'm so scared! Ah, crap, they got mithril, too.
The dwarf yells: How can their bows be more advanced then our crossbows? That doesnt feel right.
The dwarf yells: Elves, get back to your woods!
The dwarf yells: Stupid, cock sure, immortal sissies, always bothering the woodcutter *grumble grumble*
The dwarf yells: Ha, ran out of arrows, did you?
The dwarf yells: Sneaky bastards, always with the ambushes.
The dwarf yells: I see you, elf! No more hiding!
The dwarf yells: If you get one step closer, the tree gets it. I warned you!
The dwarf yells: Hey, Elf-Ears! Come and get some!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: You cheeky bastard, think you can just walk in here. Not today.
The dwarf yells: Who are you calling short ?
The dwarf yells: Beer and blood!
The dwarf yells: You will regret the day you left your mothers womb!
The dwarf yells: Taste my axe. Regarldess of me actually wielding an axe or not.
The dwarf yells: By Armoks beard, today is not your day, believe me.
The dwarf yells: You and your tiny bollocks can crawl back into the hole they come from.
The dwarf yells: Losing if fun? FUN? I will show you fun!
The dwarf yells: You will not leave alive.
The dwarf yells: Bugger off, you sodding freak.
The dwarf yells: Sod it. I'm not drunk enough to fight, not sober enough to stop.
The dwarf yells: Bloody hell, there are more of you?
The dwarf yells: Blood for the Blood God! For Armok!
The dwarf yells: Skulls for the... butcher, I guess. 
The dwarf yells: Keep your stinking hands to yourself, or I lob them off!
The dwarf yells: You cheeky bastard, thinks he can just walk in here. Not today.
The dwarf yells: What do we say to the god of death? 